Tue Aug 30 20:01:04 EDT 2022
Well heres our first tech information Dump.
I've been operating off a Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0 for a long time now
And I've ran many different chroot/proot environments.
However the partitular chroot I have now is Alpine Linux Based.
And I can say that this is the best linux distro for running on Mobile/SOCs
but Austin isn't this alpines linuxs purpose? Well Yes Yes it is.
This distro using 90% busybox is very Useful for my Galaxy Tab A 8.0
because its not eating 90% of my roms internel storage with wasteful GNU/Binutils
and this is why I've decided to use it! :D its so lightweight that
I have a 4G Swapfile along side the 1G swap in swap built into my tablets stock rom!
This fixes the memory problems that it reqularly has and makes my 
device usable for some more intenese workloads.


Thu Nov 17 17:48:45 EST 2022
Well we just released iSh1tOS for the SM-T380
Public for mass Download and Installation on the
Galaxy Tab A 8.0 (2017). Do note that in the future 
when and if the limitations on my life are lifted
I plan on release many more software modifications
for various Galaxy Tabs in the affordable lineup.
Assuming the are "OEM Unlockable". Thanks to Angelus
for his contribution and massive testing of my
various modifications; without his help I wouldn't been 
able to make a public flashable zip. If you want to 
explorer Aliucord as well as some other apks 
I have modded for use with the SM-T380.
Join my Discord Server we have a bunch of
apks I have modified and cloned/modded for the
Galaxy Tab A 8.0. Also if you are reading this.
I let you know on my rom you can basically use
A custom Ungoogled Chromium WebView with a 
Modified Useragent that Contains Apple iOS Safari 15.
It installs overtop of the Google Glowing WebView. 
Just ask me for the apk and I'll send it for you to install.
It will install and work without any webview (LSexposed)
Because I patched the package manager to ignore cerfiticates
that don't match the already installed ones.
Also did you know iSh1tOS has ADB over wifi?
yeah turns out a build.prop modification can enable it.
you can even access it though termux if you need to lol.
(although dropping a root shell via tsu [termux] or su [magisk] 
accomplish the same task. Thats all for now. we will update 
you with more N3RDP0RT4L Tech news as soon as something comes into mind!
Have a good day 😎


Sat Dec 17 19:25:39 EST 2022
Last night I have successfully enabled microG for the Galaxy Tab A 8.0 (2017) [SM-T380].
Turns out the Decmeber update will include microG for Google Releated functions.
aka iSh1tOS RC14 will drasically improve preformance by removing 
Googles Stock (GMScore); and replace it with microG Services. 
(By the way Googles normal GMScore is Malware+Spyware all in one package... it glows pretty bad tbh.)
we also have modified the ramdisk in TWRP recovery to have a terminal 
manually triggured command that mounts external storage over 1TB+.
Turns out the TWRP recovery fails to auto mount large exfat volumes.
However it will mount them if trigguered manually through to command line option.
just go to TWRP -> Terminal option. and type ext.mount. It should manually mount external storage.
I plan on upgrading to a Xiaomi Based Android device in the future to tinker with.
So iSh1tOS for the Galaxy Tab A 8.0 (2017) will probly drop its last LTS soon.
However whatever device I get next will also probly end up getting iShitOS with microG as well.
(Mostly Because Google Glows bad... not in the BASED way...)
Thats all for now. Marry Christ-Mass and a Happy New Year from N3RDP0RT4L HQ. 🌲🌟☦️
And last but not least God Bless and All Hail Christ the new born King!


Tue Jan 10 20:06:16 EST 2023
Well huge news for you all who are part of the iSh1tOS team of people using my ROMs/Mods.
I have just placed a order on a very powerful treble Supported Xiaomi 5G Tablet.
SnapDragon 870 with 8GB of RAM I'm proud to announce that I will be hacking my own modified versions of 
iSh1tOS to this new device based off NipponGSI genaric ROMs if possible. both a OneUI 5 (Android 13)
and a MiUI version with a added iOS enhancement to the already iOS enhanced NipponsGSI mod.
So what does this mean foe the Galaxy Tab A 8.0 community? Well it doesn't mean a total end of life from me.
It does however mean I won't be able to test my own ROMs/modifications for the SM-T380 (Or any other galaxy a 8.0 devices anymore.)
I will be fixing SM-T380/SM-T385/or other galaxy kernels/recovery mods if reported in my Discord Server when I feel like it;
and have the time to address them. You can Expect me to continue to provide as much support and input on any of my personal projects;
As requested on my chat threads or my githuh/gitlab etc. I plan on dummping my galaxy tab a 8.0 (2017) and;
wiping its personal data for recycling as soon as my new device arrives.
I look forward to continuing the projects for the devices I've owned in the new year.
this upgrade was needed pretty badly.
That's pretty much all I have to say for now.
Happy New Year from N3RDP0RT4L HQ! Hope 2023 is fun productive and full of new adventues and encounters!
I also hope it will be a great year for PRs growth in anything and everything in life!
PS. Check the SM-T380 sourceforge page for iSh1tOS RC17 Lite Dropped today fixing some small bugs and adding some more commandline tools.


